https://www.archanaskitchen.com/beetroot-poriyal-a-delicious-preparation-in-south-indian-style

Beetroot poriyal
Equipments Used: Hard Anodized Pressure Cooker, Hard Anodised Kadai (Wok)
Prep in
10 M

Cooks in
30 M

Total in
40 M

Makes:
4 Servings

Ingredients
2 Beetroot , diced small
1/2 teaspoon Mustard seeds (Rai/ Kadugu)
1/2 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera)
1 teaspoon White Urad Dal (Split)
4 to 5 Curry leaves , roughly torn
1/4 teaspoon Asafoetida (hing)
1/4 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi)
1 tablespoon Fresh coconut , grated
Oil , as required
Salt , to taste
Optional ingredients
1/2 cup Pearl onions (Sambar Onions) , finely chopped
2 Green Chillies , finely chopped
How to make Beetroot Poriyal Recipe - Stir Fried Beetroot
To begin making the Beetroot Poriyal Recipe, we will first steam the beetroot. I personally like to use a pressure cooker, but you can use a steamer or directly cook on the wok. 

To begin pressure cooking the beetroot, place the chopped beetroot into the cooker, sprinkle some salt and add 2 to 3 tablespoons of water.

Cover the pressure cooker, place the weight and cook until you hear 2 whistles. After 2 whistles turn off the heat. Place the pressure cooker under cold running water to release the pressure immediately.

Beetroot cooks quickly and hence we are releasing the pressure immediately. Once the pressure is released, open the cooker and keep the beetroot aside.

Our next step is to season the beetroot.

Heat a teaspoon of oil in a heavy bottomed pan; add the mustard seeds, cumin seeds, urad dal and curry leaves.

Allow the urad dal to roast until lightly brown. If you are adding the onions and green chillies, add it at this stage and saute until soft and the raw smell goes away.

Next add the asafoetida, turmeric powder, steamed beetroot and salt and stir fry for about a minutes until well combined. Check the salt levels and adjust to suit your taste.

Finally garnish with fresh grated coconut and transfer it to a serving bowl.

Serve Beetroot Poriyal Recipe along with Mixed Vegetable Sambar, Steamed Rice and Elai Vadam for a delicious weekday lunch.
